# Routing-Simulation

The topology file consists of an example as to how the topology is to be provided. The entries in the matrix correspond to the cost of a path. For example, the entry D[i][j] corresponds to the cost of the link between ith and jth router. 
The mainA.c builds  an Autonomous System (AS) with N routers (nodes) (assuming N <= 10) with a
static topology.
To run your code, please use the following command
./mainA k_max [Input topo file path]

Note k max denotes the maximum number of times the simulation runs. The distance vectors may converge before the specified k_max.

The mainB uses the forward table generated by the DV routing algorithm you
developed to route traffic. Your code needs to accept network traffic as the input and get the routing paths for
input traffic.
In this case, the ith row corresponds the ith trac that should be sent at the end of each time slot k. For
example, the first row indicates that for each time slot, there are 5 packets sent from node 0 to node 1. You
can add more rows to create more traffic between different nodes.
Note: we assume that all the packets will reach their destination nodes within one time slot k no matter how
long the path is and how many costs it might take.
To run your code, please use the following command:
./mainB k max [Input topo file path] [Input traffic file path]
where [Input traffic file path] is the path to store the input traffic file like \./traffic 4.txt". For example, your command could be \./mainB 50 ./topo 4.txt ./traffic 4.txt".

The mainC  part updates the link cost based on the trac along the link and then update
DVs, which in turn impacts how to route trac. We assume the topology connectivity is constant. This part simulates a dynamic traffic and link cost environment. 

If there is a loop in the path for given trac (for example, 0 -> 1 -> 0), the code drop the corresponding
traffic and doesnot take it into account to update the link cost. The output shows the dropped traffic with a drop sign.
